---
layout: post
title:  "Christmas 2021"
author: courtney
categories: [ Christmas Cooking ]
image: assets/images/15.jpg
---
Christmas has come and gone again! I came up with a rather ambitious plan just before Thanksgiving (other ideas were not working out in my tests). This plan was to use another thing I had bought (again inspired by Preppy Kitchen) with grand ideas but hadn't yet used: a tart ring.

I used John's tart dough recipe and parts of the fillings but I didn't make any of them exactly as he does. I decided on 12 flavors I wanted to try though I only got around to making 11 of them:

Pecan (tested for Thanksgiving)
Blackberry/Chocolate
Citrus (Grapefruit, Lemon and Orange)
Cheesecake with blueberry compote
Hazelnut/Nutella
Pistachio
Peanut Butter
Pomegranate
Butterscotch
Apple
Key Lime Pie
The first ten I made in a frenzy over Thanksgiving weekend and took in to work on a day we luckily had a company wide meeting so I had lots of taste testers. 
The next week or two I made some more and delivered to friends and Michael's family. 
Then on Christmas Eve, I finished up a batch to take for my family the next day. 

Every flavor had fans and funnily enough I still haven't tried them all! 
It was a lot of work but also a lot of fun. Everyone was amazed when we told them I'd made them cuz they look so professional. 

My next task is to make a savory version or ten...

I bought a bunch more tart rings after the first round because it took so long to make them three at a time. 

I will list recipes for each of these in the future or at least the links for each part of the assembly. 
